yeah
daddy
you can put your blanket here see these
:
Jerry needs to be clear so you can get
to the people when they need help and it
was at or gels want to come swim your
beach today
a few day but you'll be fine right here
okay obviously you can take much better
care for swingers then you can get a
little comfort for your day
I do my best to be careful in the water
today okay you have been swimming very
long
hey you look at the best flow to face up
face down the best water trader the best
breast stroke man in the whole class
I think that you know believe me would
check with my swimming instructor and by
the way
can your tourist stay out of my way
then you're going to be just by
yeah
right
gonna have to ask not slide board
speeches too crowded today
now we have control over boys I'm sure
you do but all it takes one slip and the
board's going to hit someone in the head
no worries bro cool it thank you card
which will not
I think that's going on all right I just
for five minutes and I and then it's
already ripped up my gold Rolex
all right check your area underneath
your blanket everything will look like
an idiot
of course I did I told you it was stolen
and sharp as hell didn't come all the
way from San Jose to be victimized by
creating local and Lady lifeguard
alright this calm down we'll go to the
tower make out a report
export that's what you're going to do
now you're gonna get a cop right here
right now I want to cop
hey listen to me like something
parking
it's broken hi
daddy
the table
yeah
Wow
the water
yeah
to help you take you it
water
yeah
I was still there
I'm not gonna have you arrested you off
left toe mental me your mental play and
try to John on man just for fun
you in big-time trouble now
daddy come down the kid was helping like
you know I can arrest him
you home I get it
listen don't worry I'll explain it to
him what's your name
kawaii I'll let you read this
certificate of bravery from a watch
hawaii is a symbol of the respect that
we have for you for your unselfish act
of life-saving at waikiki beach last
weekend
good job and personally I oo keliya ee a
debt of gratitude
thanks to him my father can continue
taking swimming lessons for many years
to come
this cocoon that Leigh is a small Mahalo
for being such a great light
oh now i also like to mention that glaze
actions have inspired us they want your
way to join up with the white lifeguards
and expand our Junior Lifeguard program
to all the neighborhoods and beaches on
the islands and kawaii here has been
kind enough to agree to join the first
class at North Shore training facility
yeah
captain Monroe sorry Jackie love
special investigator from the governor's
office governor's office yes we're
looking into an incident last weekend in
waikiki seems that while you're heating
praise on this boy
others from the business community and
city council want to see him arrested if
not for attempted murder at least for
criminal mischief
you gotta be kidding me this could save
someone's life Nicki Tanaka's yes that's
not what he says and what Tanaka says
carries a lot of weight with
Councilwoman Jenna avid fanning the
flames
you've got a problem captain
that was great guys by the end of this
Junior Lifeguard program you'll be able
to swim out to that buoy and back and
half the time
now I'm gonna introduce you to the
instructor is going to help get you
there and teach you some techniques and
attitudes that a foundation for
life-saving Zach McEwen
thanks Sean a house it guys
I'm not exactly sure why Sean picked me
for this gig
maybe because i'm the most recent grad
of his training but probably because I'm
just as goofy and half wax as you guys
are
anyway so we're going to do some
physical training here but the main
thing we're going to be pounding into
your head is technique awareness and
communication
and ok for instance what am i doing now
anybody
hit I'm not checking for BL going for
help
hey you got it that's the International
distress signal recognized by rescue
professionals and waters all over the
world
you know for the life of me I can't
figure out why the governor's office
wants to poke around a little operation
like mine
this can't really be about collecting
read
it's not about you okay
you want to expand the matter you want
me to get back to work and try to ignore
it
walk with me
a relatively small operation captain
Monroe your training centers getting a
lot of attention here on the mainland
and even to a small degree
internationally
that was the idea but we can't get
straight is why you have to make so many
enemies in the process
cancer woman Jenna advocate and a
predecessor McKenna
he was corrupt she had personal issues
detective came on a little police
Jim Reed long who harbor patrol okay
yeah I stepped on Kane's toes but he was
wrong about a homicide as far as Reed is
concerned
the guy was ignoring someone responsible
for shark attacks and now Hideki Tanaka
one of the most influential businessmen
in the states combined now he's the
father of one of my best guards he's got
an agenda with her
look the point is simple and one you
should appreciate the government likes
your program you know it brings a bit of
shine to the islands you though
coming a problem that so well this is my
program and without me
doesn't exist fine then for everybody's
sake you better hope things start
quieting down
yeah
ok everyone
I can just get you to turn it down a
notch for half a second wall boss
can we go anywhere without you bothering
his phones no cowboy you sure can't
all right now let's raise our glasses to
JD and kekoa who have announced their
engagement today
and finally admitted what we all knew
was going on for months
JD's moving his flower to the other side
and we want you both to know that we
love you very very much and and don't
ever look off to whine whine and even
though you're going to be your own
family
I want you to know that you'll always be
a part of ours forever to JD and kekoa
yeah
Shaun Munro
that nobody else would we got everything
for everybody poor boy
rice whatever you want I've got a couple
things for you consider yourself served
yeah
what's going on
- two lawsuits in one this one's from
the guy who lost his Rolex negligence
and dereliction of duty and he's asking
ten thousand dollars plus damages for
emotional distress
that's the same yeah and this one
you'll love this one
gross indifference to life and limit
failure to provide a physically safe
environment lack of training and
expertise implicitly promised by
presence and uniforms extreme and
damaging emotional and physical distress
this one's from dekhi Tanaka
he's seeking compensation and the amount
two and a half million dollars
Sean I'm sorry this can't be true
yeah
yeah it's been a while I'm a little
rough yeah i figured that i was watching
you and yesterday's class and you could
use some help with your time
yes that's why they have instructors huh
oh yeah good he won't be here for 10
minutes or so you and I could do a
little look a little sparring and you
know maybe you could learn something
I'll wait
you know I have her training for nothing
Big Mike - Mike met Meg Alito
I'll be gentle I promise that's off ok
correcto you're on her too sweet that's
nothing
are you worried
amen I think the lady made herself
pretty clear on
excuse me the lady and I are just having
a little fun all right mind your own
business
thanks Sean but I can handle this kinda
like foreplay right
don't tell me you and checking me out
the other day
all rights you come on sweetie give me
your best shot
I promise I won't even counterpunch
camera mic right
yeah that's my name hey you land a punch
i'll give you my phone number
united states for first tank battalion
champ for a year straight
simplify sweetie i take it you're going
to skip class down a little on edge
don't want to kill anyone can see that
so was that a preview of my career
Spectre love Jackie ok
I've read your history Sean and I've
watched you work with your people they
respect you a lot between us
I don't think the centre will survive
without you good then the state will do
the right thing and indemnify me against
was frivolous lawsuits which by the way
are completely tied to my official
duties
you can throw some government attorneys
against them and I can continue training
lifeguards and they can continue saving
lives
the government won't fight this for you
Sean
and I'm not asking to Jackie and I've
been fighting my own battles my whole
life but this isn't a battle it's a
setup
maybe so but the fact is you're on your
own
fine but I'm gonna beat this you know
hope so
one more thing the state safety board is
having hearing regarding your status in
three days until then you're not to be
on state beaches in any official
capacity for step in your training
center at all until the board is made a
decision on your future
that was quick so much for innocent till
proven guilty
yeah
the ocean lifeguard training manual
it is our bible and your friend ok but
life-saving is a growing and fluid thing
to Brian keilana has added a ton to our
understanding of risk management how to
judge when and how much risk to take in
any situation
ok anybody know what are the two worst
enemies we face in life saving
fear and panic good car july i swear
you're a natural bra now
anybody know what the worst enemy we
face is it's not having fun
ok drop your books everybody grab each
flag
slide them up from the beach on down to
the water
about 56 feet apart and get ready to let
you
sarees after I gotta go what's the deal
man we got another hour
yeah sorry but i don't think i'll be
able to finish the rest of the course
you're quitting
why don't you talk to me about this and
who you free
nothing I can do
I don't understand I thought you were
supporting collide in the Junior
Lifeguard i do but things change ur no
time for it is now
ok
no crazies your father anyway
gotta know that kids save this like how
you told me yourself a dozen times
what he knows and what he feels are
different things that's bull
all he feels his vicious unforgiving
bigoted hatred
JD stop he's my father and he's
attacking our Center and trying to
destroy our friend
all because why he's never liked me
being a lifeguard it but I just talked
to him somewhere I know he'll soften
this lawsuit trying to destroy someone
else's dream
it's just not like him the hell it is it
God open your eyes kekoa your father is
doing it and that means it's not only
like him it is him until you understand
what a bastard he is not going to be
able to live any life of your own . you
can't say those things to me gu
that's not right
car
I'm like oh I'm sorry
yeah
employee light hey I don't want to
bother you guys I was just wondering if
there's anything that I can do to
convince Clyde to come back to class or
convince you to let him or whatever it
is Zac
no worries of kid like the program and
you're good as a teacher like that says
exchanger
yeah
plies a good son my only boy I love him
more than its possibilities
did you understand you have children
then you don't understand
I wanted to make your dreams come true
like you have and I like what you doing
anything in the other children is good
for me
I think so much larger sleeping and my
boys help
diving is our living will catch lobster
we no eat you understand
yeah this is who we are and so good
just send them back my way when you can
okay he's a smart kid he can help a lot
of people
yeah all right now he helps his family
on my way
that's the thing that
family
yeah
shock machine Judy supposed to be open
to set something on
no I've been looking for him - I need a
hand over all these schedules emergency
procedures all this junk of mine
I got to be out before sun so they might
shoot blows man
it was that Jackie love anyway how could
she do this it's not really heard Jace
she's just the messenger some of the
stuff been brewing for a long time
the words genet she's usually one pull
this crap anyways right
well now she is behind a lot of it
you ever notice how some people can
never be the one to put the dog down no
matter how much they bitch about the
animal
so another one here of analogies yeah
those never work for me
metaphors nope simply hate those two
you're not gonna let these people run
you over no way in hell
look this isn't you can take your dad
yeah
all right everybody listen up
this party is great everything there's
only one reason we're here tonight and
that's the raise money for Sean Monroe's
legal fun
so buy a sandwich any kind of pose
buy me a drink mall hilton hawaiian
village is going to donate half the
shots fun
so the more you spend the better chance
we have to beat these creeps we're
trying to take down our friend Sean and
our training center that Allah
I promise that once we raise 250 bucks
in the Dare jar
I was gonna make a fool out of myself
and say unfortunately for you guys the
money is there so I'm gonna try to keep
up with man came here
you want to stop shark use on and more
over you let these creeps .
yeah
what
if you
they're the help you rise above it
you can count on me
yeah
because you know just how long we got
I think you're the type to wax your own
car you Jackie
you never listen to anything I say but
try to remember this one
I don't like to truly money when you get
some kind of kick throwing people's
lives away huh
you know in your heart Sean line road to
nothing to you
you know in your heart that your life
was saved at Waikiki can still you
destroy this man kind of sick pleasure
you get from that
no pleasure I want this nonsense to stop
as much as anyone
then stop it it's all in your hands now
mr. Janie you break off the engagement
promise me you'll never see my daughter
again
I drop the lawsuit you can't be serious
I am in the art of warfare the most
important tenet his patients
I believe I finally have the amount of
leverage i need a catchy my staff
I win
yeah
ok let's get back in the water and try
that buoy swim again
no sense kicking out too fast you're
gonna fade and die the way back in gotta
pace yourself
yo guys got it all wrong
ok see the thing is you gotta be yeah
you're right
yeah like to time
slap that any foot or more than shack up
baby
back up baby
man has appeared uh-huh
don't you guys take a little break
shots right we got a little carried away
we'll get right on that buoy swim or is
that it's good to see in the kids gettin
along it's one of the most important
things you know yeah I know yeah I
learned that from you boss man
we all miss you like a lot that mom it's
not drift down Moon River feel crappy
enough about all this that you get a
little sticky on
one of the kids had a drop on me the
local I had to go help his dad with
lobster season
that's a shame he's kind of the one who
got this all started
it's funny how you mix that in the bad
up in your hand
guess that's why it's good you can't go
back and change things because you for
sure what screw things up
is everybody sorry Shawn but orders are
orders
you're not supposed to be on the beach
or near that's ours
we're talking to your guards sorry brah
God safe with the guy belongs here
no no there is doing their job and the
world's a little crazy right rock
that's for sure look I'll see you soon
buddy
or it will look to figure this out right
now I don't care how sticky gets you
know you're not alone right
oh I know Zach man
I
yeah
a shot I what I let these guys go early
I could use a plate lunch
look I'm trying to say is that maybe we
could try let your father think we split
up when we're really not mean hack it
sound like he's with you every second
yesterday you were the one that told me
to wake up and see what to create my
father is
well I have your right and we're not
going to let him do that to us
then he goes after Sean can't let that
happen cake a lot
I know but he's blackmailing us and
we're going to go along with that
no I'm saying we try and trick him
I'm not going to be manipulated like
this I'm not gonna let you be there okay
look
we both know how wrong this is and I've
been ducking this trying to have it both
ways
but I'm not anymore he's my father my
problem and I'm going to handle it
yeah
the light maybe the next to believe it
heavy is put on some more weights in the
last that a little bit deeper is here
yeah
I know how much you like that like that
stuff to collapse will give up to come
out here to speak ill of the boarding me
awww thanks if you right back
get the rest of the trucks ready we
gotta get a whole bunch of these games
on your - yeah
yeah
back by lunch and I said they'd like to
get most of the traps set out early and
then they pick them up in the afternoon
so it looks like them out there
I think you're in trouble control this
is a catfish moments here we gotta dive
in trouble
I said watersport paramedics nap
let's get a man quick we've got to stop
that bleeding that promise to keep your
hand above your heart of this one on the
bleeding
great work out there boss man good to
see in action again
you too and it's good to see that our
junior lifeguards and other training so
well
Zach dad I like the long arm of the law
hey I can stay celery beg you to come
with me basically true but tanks ever
and honors wrath
catch you on the flip side
let me guess walk with me
let's see stay away from the peaches
didn't do that
what can i say like the beach for rescue
with teammate and students against
direct orders can let people die
you weren't supposed to be there in the
first place good thing I was like Zach
incapable of handling himself
point taken sometimes we all need a
helping hand
also a good point no it's not going to
be a pleasant meeting for you Sean
there's still a bunch of board members
you desperately want your scalp
any hidden allies
yeah
not saying
so that I weighing all my options and I
realize that you play chess game
you only left out one element love not
love or not
family's always been at the center of
everything I've ever done
you once told me a complete player at
any game chess checkers or hanafuda
never discounts
what's important to the other player I
know you feel JD is very important to
you and so is life guarding i simply
found a way to put these two in
opposition of each other
now it's your choice your choice
maybe you'll learn something from this
or maybe you do if you know how
important something is to your opponent
it has no wait right for instance I will
never give up JD or hide my love for him
from you or anybody else in the world
and you can burn down the training
center destroyed my friends and bring my
world down around my feet but all of
that would be you're doing and yours to
live with but your choices have
consequences
you must be able to accept them why
because you made them up
no father you made a fatal mistake in
this game and you made it early in you
use my love for you against me and now
it is so tarnished
it has little value
yeah why are you talking in riddles
what are you some kind of Buddhist monk
all of a sudden it go it's very simple
one choice or the other you choose I Act
I Act first i am mary JD we will have a
family
if you continue with this lawsuit or
cause any other retribution to the ones
i love you will never see me or your
grandchildren again and that's my choice
father not yours
goodbye we're way you can't do that I
won't let you
I want like 0 chi Chi master
yeah
have a nice conversation with your
father
yeah I think he's gonna drop about see
I'm glad to hear that
where have you been you missed the
entire board meeting
what are you talking about what's .
another hour I'm just trying to get the
celebration party ready
we win did we win and did we went it was
amazing it was all inspiring like being
at the first Thanksgiving the Last
Supper
so we want yes your lawyer was awesome
no but we're is all money for doesn't
matter
Sean started without him and when he
showed up and tried to interrupt that
blonde hottie Jackie love ya
cool man huh anyway she threw him out
our lawyer
yeah complete moron compared to a
lifeguard with the shorts hunt fire
Sean looked bored dead in the eyes and
told them about kalai and how that could
save his own father and how we learned
that Baywatch told him about that heart
that you pulled out of the ocean and
because of Baywatch that little girl
Hannah's somewhere jumping rope and
laughing in Pearl City told him about
Peggy safe from drowning off kinda .
came back a few months later to train at
Baywatch
because we saved her life Brian keilana
spoke and Danny Jackson do
it's like the whole town of Hallie even
showed up and finally finally when you
thought it couldn't get any better
Jackie brought in the Rolex guy he
dropped the suit
why he found his watch he never even
brought on this stupid vacation
check this out when he was sleeping on
the beach he dreamed he was wearing it
slammed bagged gavel everything blown
out except the Tanaka suit and if that
goes forward shawn has identified and
the state defense
wow it's awesome
yeah
loop
I'm exhausted
Morty yeah maybe just a little
I gotta get going soon I'm gonna make GD
the tropics time for one cup in
No
daddy what happened and I just going
home
it's pretty calm one
what about the structure can you please
daddy
how is he
yeah
he's had a massive stroke they don't
know if you ever talk again
they don't know anything so much they
can do these days kekoa great advances
and stroke recovery
I did this to him I'm the one that did
this
no that's not true kekoa it's not true
I wanted to hurt him like you hurt me
and I did I did this to him
yeah
red